Discussion around 3 tier of application with diagram
  --> UI level
  --> Services level
  --> Database level

Web Service is a standardised medium of communication between client and server Application
on the www.

==> Web Service is a software module which is designed to perform a certain tasks
==> The client would invoke a series of web service calls via requests to a
    server which would host the actual web service.

==> The main component of a web service is the data which is transferred between
    the client and the server, and that is XML

==> So when applications talk to each other, they actually talk in XML.
    This provides a common platform for application developed in various programming
    languages to talk to each other.

    Type of Web Service
    -------------------
    There are mainly two types of web services.

    1) SOAP web services.
    2) RESTful web services.

    SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol):
    -------------------------------------
    SOAP is known as a transport-independent messaging protocol.
    SOAP is based on transferring XML data as SOAP Messages.
    SOAP Messages are sent via HTTP - the standard web protocol

    SOAP Message Composition
    -----------------------
    1) Root element <Envelope>
    2) Header: The header contains the routing data which is basically the
       information which tells the XML document to which client it needs to be sent to. &
    3) Body: The body will contain the actual message.

    HOW WEB SERVICE IS EXPOSED ON INTERNET/OR MADE AVAILABLE TO THE CLIENT
    WSDL (Web services description language):
    A web service cannot be used if it cannot be found. The client invoking the
    web service should know where the web service actually resides.

    Secondly, the client application needs to know what the web service actually
    does, so that it can invoke the right web service.

    The WSDL file is again an XML-based file which basically tells the client
    application what the web service does.

    By using the WSDL document, the client application would be able to
    understand where the web service is located and how it can be utilized.

    WHAT DO WE NEED TO AUTOMATE WEB SERVICES
    1) End Point / WSDL
    2) Port Name ( from WSDL file)
    3) Service Name (from WSDL file)
